hi all guys are ri are i
welcome to this new video
today I will show you how to enable one
kind of night vision minecraft edition
as you see now we are in perfect fullness
night and we do not see fully all
one hundred percent of our world
except breast we light up by means of
light sources such as torches or
of kilns etc. and the trick that you
I'll show it consists of
change the range of our game and the
gamma settings of our game for
then better visualize all the blocks
Worldwide
in my cup of the vision to do this
we must have a file manager in this
case closed eg file explorer and then
we have to go to the games com folder
punto mojang minecraft p
and we need to open the text file
option txt point with a file editor
text and I from suso es note editor
that you can use whatever you want
just change the file taste point
text and we have to go to the sections
gfx range in this case to me and 0.99 of
default is usually 0.99 or one
and we have to change it for example
try putting range we remove 0 boasts
9 we put
for example 3 then we go back
save our text file e
we must miss the pocket edition and how
you see
now we are also in perfect night but
we fully see all the blocks as
if it was day like they were all
lit
I hope you enjoyed the video there
I invite you to leave a beautiful you than to
video follow me on my page
facebook twitter and google plus
if you want to have a little chat me
found in the ts in the teamspeak server
find there pin description and us there
we peck in a next video hello a
all